My work is clearly done
How dare you talk back
Who allowed you to wear the same face as the lady in the lady's house?
Wandering around here
Go and clean every room on the second floor
Immediately
Mr. Lu, you asked me to check it before.
About you being drugged at the Four Seasons Hotel
There's something odd about this.
Miss Mu said
He went to the wrong room for a friend's birthday
But the day I checked
No one has a birthday at the Four Seasons Hotel
come out
I don't know exactly.
The Mu family always likes to eavesdrop so much
Mr. Lu is afraid of a misunderstanding
I just happened to pass by
I happened to hear you on the phone there
And it's far enough away
I can't hear what you're saying at all
Dare to talk back
Mr. Lu, if there is nothing wrong
I'll go first